Launch Portland 2025 CFP (#2241)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/portland/2025/cfp.rst

Whatever your background and experience, we prefer hearing about new approaches rather than about tried-and-tested technology.
We especially welcome talks from underrepresented groups within the tech community.
We want to hear a variety of viewpoints, so we limit speakers to two talks in any four year period at each location.

If you're a WTD conference organizer, please only submit talks to conferences you're not actively organizing.

**People on stage**

> We *strongly* prefer talks written and given by one *single speaker*. If you're planning to submit with a co-speaker, please let us know why, and take note that it will affect the chances of your talk being selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We *strongly* prefer talks presented by one *single speaker*. If you're planning to submit with a co-speaker, please let us know why, and take note that it will affect the chances of your talk being selected.
```

**Process over tooling**

> We avoid talks about specific tooling, which often turn into marketing pitches or tutorials.

Reviewer 2: Love this edit!

We would much rather hear about process, culture, data, people, or the metaphysical side effects of spending your life thinking about docs.

**Benefit to the community**

> How does your talk help improve the quality of documentation everywhere. Are you trying a new approach? Are you solving a known problem? Have you done the research into how folks have tried to solve your issue before?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
How does your talk help improve the quality of documentation everywhere? Are you trying a new approach? Are you solving a known problem? Have you done the research into how folks have tried to solve your issue before?
```

> Note that all Speakers must read, understand, and agree to our :doc:`/code-of-conduct`. All talks and slides will need to follow our Code of Conduct. If you are unsure about any aspect of this, please ask us for clarification.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Note that all speakers must read, understand, and agree to our :doc:`/code-of-conduct`. All talks and slides will need to follow our Code of Conduct. If you are unsure about any aspect of this, please ask us for clarification.
```

Timeline overview
-----------------

**{{cfp.ends}}**
    Call for Proposal ends

**{{cfp.notification}}**

>     We'll let you know whether your proposal was accepted, and ask you for some suplimentary information about you.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    We'll let you know whether your proposal was accepted, and ask for some supplementary information about you.
```

    Make sure to confirm your talk as soon as you get the email.

**{{cfp.slides_by}}**

>     We'll ask you for a copy of your slides so that our human captioners can prepare for your talk

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    We'll ask for a copy of your slides so our human captioners can prepare for your talk
```

Reviewer: Is this a US / UK thing I wonder?

Note that all Speakers must read, understand, and agree to our :doc:`/code-of-conduct`. All talks and slides will need to follow our Code of Conduct. If you are unsure about any aspect of this, please ask us for clarification.

Timeline overview
-----------------

**{{cfp.ends}}**
    Call for Proposal ends

**{{cfp.notification}}**
    We'll let you know whether your proposal was accepted

**{{cfp.slides_by}}**
    We'll ask you for a copy of your slides so that our human captioners can prepare for your talk

**{{cfp.info_by}}**

>     We'll ask you for your pronouns, how your pronounce your name and some interesting facts about you so our emcee can prepare to introduce you.

Reviewer 4: We'll ask you for your pronouns, how you pronounce your name, and some interesting facts about you so our emcee can prepare to introduce you.

>     We'll ask you for your pronouns, how your pronounce your name and some interesting facts about you so our emcee can prepare to introduce you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   We'll ask you for your pronouns, how you pronounce your name, and some interesting facts about you so our emcee can prepare to introduce you.
```

Questions?
----------

> If you have any questions about any part of this process, please email us at `{{email}} <mailto:{{email}}>`_, we'll be happy to chat.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you have any questions about any part of this process, please email us at `{{email}} <mailto:{{email}}>`_; we'll be happy to chat.
```

{% if flagcfp %}

Submit your proposal
--------------------------

Please make sure you read this entire page before submitting your proposal, and pay particular attention to the following points:

> - **Spoilers** it's pretty normal not to want to include your main point in your abstract, but please make sure to highlight it for the selection committee!

Reviewer 3: I feel like the first letter of these words should be capitalized since they're basically full sentences preceded by a bolded category.

so here, s/it's/It's  and so on

Reviewer: If I have to :-p. It should for sure at least be consistent.

> - **Research** we don't need all talks to be about a new topic, but if you're suggesting a talk that looks really similar to one that was given last year, show you know that, and mention why yours is different.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **Research** We don't need all talks to be about an entirely new topic, but if you're suggesting a talk that looks really similar to one that was given last year, demonstrate that you realize this and mention why yours is different.
```

also, maybe s/last year/in recent years

- **Tooling** we're pretty serious about preferring talks about people, process or principles than talks about tooling. If you are submitting a proposal about tooling, tell us what makes this one special.

> - **Example proposal** so you know what we expect to see in each field.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **Example proposal** Check out our example so you know what we expect to see in each field.
```
or something along these lines, for parallel construction

> - **Spoilers** it's pretty normal not to want to include your main point in your abstract, but please make sure to highlight it for the selection committee!
> - **Research** We don't need all talks to be about an entirely new topic, but if you're suggesting a talk that looks really similar to one that was given last year, demonstrate that you realize this and mention why yours is different.
> - **Tooling** we're pretty serious about preferring talks about people, process or principles than talks about tooling. If you are submitting a proposal about tooling, tell us what makes this one special.
> - **Example proposal** Check out our example so you know what we expect to see in each field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Spoilers** It's pretty normal not to want to include your main point in your abstract, but please make sure to highlight it for the selection committee!
- **Research** We don't need all talks to be about an entirely new topic, but if you're suggesting a talk that looks really similar to one that was given last year, demonstrate that you realize this and mention why yours is different.
- **Tooling** We're pretty serious about preferring talks about people, process or principles than talks about tooling. If you are submitting a proposal about tooling, tell us what makes this one special.
- **Example proposal** Check out our example so you know what we expect to see in each field.
```

        </div>
    </div>

> You'll be able to edit your proposal up until we start reviewing talks.

Reviewer 3: include date?

> You'll be able to edit your proposal up until we start reviewing talks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll be able to edit your proposal up until the submission deadline. Please be considerate of our reviewers when making changes to talks you've already submitted.
```
